README.rst, before:

#############
relocate-venv
#############

**************************************
Making a Python virtualenv relocatable
**************************************

The default installation of a code into a Python virtualenv, eg `firedrake <http://www.firedrakeproject.org>`_, does not scale well on a supercomputer such as ARCHER, or any system with a large core count. To improve import performance, one solution is to make the virtualenv movable, then move it to /tmp (or some other memory resident file-system) on each of the compute nodes.

On a linux-based system, this can be accomplished using make-movable.py. This script takes an existing functional virtualenv and replaces links and paths inside it with references to a new, specified path (usually /tmp/firedrake). This modified virtualenv can then be compressed (e.g. using tar) to be distributed to compute nodes efficiently.

*****
Usage
*****

An existing virtualenv can be made relocatable thus::
  
  python make-movable.py <existing-virtualenv-path> <modifiable-virtualenv-path> <node-local-path> (-c, -a)


The existing-virtulenv-path and modifiable-virtualenv-path can be equal if yuo wish to modifiy in-place your virtualenv but this is strong *not* recommended. You should either copy your virtualenv first, or, use the optional -c (--copy) flag to have the script create the modifiable version. The node local path can be any path, it does not have to be accessible where you run the script, which is useful for systems with a front-end which is of different configuration to the compute nodes. There is no default, but /tmp/firedrake is generally a good starting point.

Commit message:

Update the README to match the code.

README.rst, after:

#############
relocate-venv
#############

**************************************
Making a Python virtualenv relocatable
**************************************

The default installation of a code into a Python virtualenv, eg `firedrake <http://www.firedrakeproject.org>`_, does not scale well on a supercomputer such as ARCHER, or any system with a large core count. To improve import performance, one solution is to make the virtualenv movable, then move it to /tmp (or some other memory resident file-system) on each of the compute nodes.

On a linux-based system, this can be accomplished using `make-movable` This takes an existing functional virtualenv and replaces links and paths inside it with references to a new, specified path (e.g. /tmp/firedrake). This modified virtualenv is then compressed (e.g. using tar) suitable be distributed to compute nodes efficiently.

************
Installation
************

This repository is pip installable. First clone the repository and then use `pip install -e <repo>` to install. One executable is provided, `make-movable`.
You can also invoke the code directly by calling core.py from the relocate_venv subdirectory.

*****
Usage
*****

An existing virtualenv can be made relocatable thus::
  
  make-movable <exsiting-venv>

With no other options, a new virtualenv will be created as a subdirectory of the current directory, named firetemp, which is a copy of the existing virtualenv but with paths pointing to the new location. Additionally, a tar file, firetemp.tar will be created which is simply a tarchive of the virtualenv suitable for moving elsewhere.

There are further optional arguements::
  
  --map [-m] <a> <b> [--map <c> <d>]
  --archer [-a]
  --output-location <location>

The `--map` option allows you to provide a mapping between paths which exist in the source virtualenv (called existing-venv above) and some other location. It is also callable multiple times to build a mapping table. E.g::

  make-movable clock --map /home/foo/bar /tmp/hammer

Would create a copy of the virtualenv in `./clock` as `./firetemp` in which all references to `/home/foo/bar` are replaced with `/tmp/hammer`. This is useful on clusters and big machines where paths can be complex and require some user specification.
 
The `--archer` option adds extra entries to the mapping table, based on those supplied by the user, which resolve some pathing issues on the ARCHER machine.

The `--output-location` option allows specification of the location of the modified virtualenv.
